Well look Ana Rosa did an interview
on informalia and something's happening TV has
published the headlines do you want us to
give a pass to the headlines or what
Javi lowers the mustache please don't please Elena
The mustache right now The mustache I think
is at its best also eh I mean it's not
as no it's not like the first few
days now I see it a little more at its
best
look what Ana says
shame where do they have to Hi handsome I
was following you on delay I've
been cheating on you with
Dallas kisses Well if it was with
mitilin okay if it was with mitilin okay
eh listen to me listen to me you
are the mustache I'm getting
heavy with the members that we are
at 20000 And I'm ashamed I'm
ashamed that the most powerful channel of the
heart is with 200500 I'm
ashamed we could easily be with
3 or 4000
no let's see Ana Rosa headlines to be the
references of the afternoon I have all the
time in the world in parentheses from
the network this same thing to me
Jorge
Javier said I swear eh the same the same the
same Jorge Javier told me when I
was with
him the same thing he told me I told him But
well they have given you time like this so that we can
recover this I don't know what and he says no no he says
calmly that's what the gachon told me he
says nothing nothing calmly calmly
I calmly I don't
have a date here calmly doing the
Chinese story boom three days later they
removed it I mean when I
went How many more days was the
Chinese story on they put it perfect eh for me to go
see Paula eh I mean exactly
when I saw this when I saw
these words from Ana Rosa I
said literally what J Javier said
literally I have all the time in the world
from the network but of course what
ratings are you getting from me you have
all the time in the world to
raise it but of course something that is
sustainable that has to be maintained
No if it were easy they wouldn't have
put it in my place they are soles ona is good
otherwise I wouldn't have hired her it's
also
true it's also like that they are not soles onea
is good I would love not to have
advertising But on the other hand also  it
makes me very happy That all the
colleagues get paid commercially every month
Mediaset is the same or
better than always We don't have time to
put in so much
advertising Let's see the movida
[Music]
The Movida is the
next [ __ ] It's that I see
some comments on Twitter man this
Pig is mutating into Encarna man
really I mean many times you put some
comments that I get out of
hand he eh Let's see the issue of son
solle It's that the average goes up well the issue
of son sol which is a program that is not
bad okay eh And apart from the issue of son
sol what they have is that since they don't put in
advertising the average is higher okay And that
is objectively true the average
is higher eh that you don't put in
advertising of course then the average of the
program goes up Why Because there are more
people who are paying attention to the program
every minute if you put in
advertising there are some gaps I don't know if there
are three blocks that Rosa has I don't
know if there are three or two but in those
juices Pin Pin well it falls well
the average falls because there
people leave, they go to another channel you know I don't
know  what and it falls in those minutes It falls
therefore when you do the average it goes
down So what is happening is
that Antena 3 is fighting more for
the headline issue to have the headline there that
we are the leaders that we are the
leaders but H of course you are the leader
you have the headlines that you are the most
watched but you don't earn money
so you have to be careful, each one has what
interests them